they also happens to be a notable day in
our state it's a two-year anniversary of
the legalization of cannabis for
recreational use here in California
based on every kind of open the front
door here it seems to be selling pretty
well so in honor of this special day we
thought it might be fun to play a game
called whose when my cousin Sal which
one of you is my cousin Sal oh yes the
one with his hand up my cousin Sam how
are you good how you doing I'm doing
well thank you and how are you fella
we're know let's start that you've got
three pedestrians there one of them is
high chin or not we scoured the
boulevard all day to find people who
were not high it's not easy and you did
find two out of these three and my job
will be to guess which one of them who
is high so let's begin with number one
is Ethan were you from even New Jersey
New Jersey what part of New Jersey
Princeton
are you here on vacation yes you are
okay what are you doing while you're
here I went to the Lakers game Santa
Monica Pier seeing all the sights okay
and what do you do back in New Jersey
I'm a student you're a student what are
you studying
finance and economics okay so he's a
student that is immediately suspicious
how long are you here oh just Oh
Saturday okay until Saturday all right
let's meet the man in the middle hello
Lee how are you Lee I'm great
and where are you from I'm from New
Jersey to Romney Jerri what part of New
Jersey Princeton
oh my god did you guys know this
beforehand I'm here with my son Oh
are you alright oh so your father and
son alright okay that makes this a
little bit more interesting or less I'm
not sure and finally we have Brax is
Braxton is your Hamlet hi Braxton where
are you from Milwaukee Wisconsin
Milwaukee Wisconsin what do you do for
work music and nightlife promotions
music and nightlife alright is there a
big music and nightlife scene going on
right now in Milwaukee
uh where's it too cold for nightlife I
think they're gonna freeze in a studio
or something okay you're here on
vacation right now
no I actually live here oh you live here
oh all right okay so you're from here
now originally from Milwaukee already
you're off to a pretty high start by the
way there's a seem to be a some sort of
giant marijuana truck behind you as they
just passing hey guys don't get too
excited
all right now I know that you guys tried
to trick me and I know the young guys
would be the immediate Pig let me start
by examining the eyeballs of each
gentleman let's get real close in there
and all right all right
I'm not sure if you're dilated but let's
pan over to your dad and see what your
dad has going
okay and finally Braxton
Braxton let's take a look at you alright
so boy I think might you all might be
stoned but um
I'm gonna go out on a long limb and say
Lee you are the one who is hi Lee are
you high as I am
an example California is a beautiful
place yeah even how do you feel about
the fact that your dad is baked walking
around with you I love it
you love it alright now that we have
prizes or anything for these guys we
have liquid cheese everyone all right
enjoy a can of cheese guys there you're
going alright that's beautiful alright
fill them up alright thanks guys I'm on
a roll I'm good at this I don't know why
I'm good at this but I am good at this
alright alright let's meet the guy in
the Hat guy in the Hat is Jesse right hi
Jesse without you no with you nothing
lunch is walking the boulevard Oh said
well I'm not a cop you know there's no
reason to get all right ok so you got a
little Mandy Patinkin going there
you know Saul from homeland nope alright
didn't we even see his eyes I mean is
that could I have a look at your eyes
please yes all right all right now I
feel like you're pretending to be oil
let's check our next I don't know if we
can even call them contestants Briana
where are you from I'm from Chatham New
York ok and you're here on vacation um
I'm here for school oh you here for
school what are you studying
I'm studying television ok alright see
it right off the bat yep
you're a suspect
let's get a close look at Brianna's eyes
and studying television boy you know eat
not only your pupils dilated I don't
think you have any of the rest of the
eyeball and all right and let's meet
that's in at the end there hi Ann how
are you good how are you where are you
from Semmy Valley now I migrated from
Philadelphia seven years ago
oh very good and what are you doing out
on the boulevard today visiting you oh
okay alright now that's okay so we have
an AR Briana and we have John gonna rule
out Jessie because I think he was trying
to pretend he was on and boy and I think
would be too much okay after the last
one oh and you know what I think I'm
gonna go with the end whoa
and are you high yes
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
salad you have eranin company there
plato's and it's great
Oh play-doh it's always fun off-brand
play-doh you can't beat it
all right should we do one more and try
one more all right let's go let's try it
one more here we go okay all right I'm
gonna say it's the first guy yeah is it
you are you like hi I'm so
[Applause]
all right all right I think you might be
high also right no I'm sure not oh you
drunk hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back
this holiday season in a fun way by my
new book the serious goose I wrote it
and through it all of my MA goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you